CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

WORK ON BUS
- write list for players name, UTR ranking, Gender
- write list for tournaments (have name, minimum utr, gender, and date)
- write program by defining each function and organzing them (write pass under
each with a description of what it will do)

1. What is the title of your program?
The Big T's Tennis Tracker

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

My program will be a tennis player management system. Depending on what the user
selects it can either calcualte the average UTR rank of all players, show the 
stats for an individual player, or show players that qualify for
a tournament based on their UTR rank and give them the date of when
and which tournament it is. (I'll use the random module to select a random 
tournament from a list)

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

I will reinforce the skills i've learned during this semester of working with 
files, analyzing data, and collecting / acting on suer input. I will also reinforce 
my knowledge of using exception handling.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

csv, pytest, math, datetime, random 

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

Yes
main() load_players(file_name) display_menu() get_menu_choice() calculate_UTR(players_list)
show_player_stats(players_list) choose_random_tournament(tournament_list) get_qualifying_players(tournament) 
display_tournament_info(tournament) 

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

Yes
test_load_players() test_calculate_UTR() test_get_qualifying_players() 


